Update develop with release 1.3.0 and begin development on 1.4.0 (#284)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/pwa/CHANGELOG.md

> ## v1.3.0 (Jan 06, 2022)

Reviewer: Also adding 1.4.0-dev here

## v1.4.0-dev (Jan 06, 2022)
## v1.3.0 (Jan 06, 2022)

> -   Remove EinStein from home page [#208](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/208)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Remove Einstein from home page [#208](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/208)
```

> -   Add git2Gus config to allow git2Gus integration [210](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/210)    

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Add git2gus config to allow git2gus integration [210](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/210)    
```

-   Set common HTTP security headers [#263](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/263)
-   Add message ids to all the translated text, so they provide context for the translators [#239](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/239) [#207](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/207) [#195](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/195)

> -   Minor translation fixed [260](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/260) [#252](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/252)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Minor translation fixes [260](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/260) [#252](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/252)
```

-   Provide Url Customization for the Retail React App [#228](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/228/files)
-   Add an image component to allow for easier-implementation of responsive images [#186](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/186)

> -   Add Shop Products section with Products from the Catalog [#216](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/216)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Add Shop Products section with products from the Catalog [#216](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/216)
```

-   Remove `upgrade-insecure-requests` for local development [#270](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/270)

> -   Fix Out of stock message not appearing for mobile screens [#231](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/231)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Fix the missing out-of-stock message on mobile screens [#231](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/231)
```

> -   Fix Order summary prices on check out page misaligned on mobile [#233](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/233)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Fix order summary prices on checkout page misalignment [#233](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/233)
```

-   Skip irrelevant jobs on CI on forked PR [#237](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/237) [#240](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/240)
-   Add webpack plugin [#255](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/255)
-   Combine config files [#256](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/256)
-   Improve unsupported locale error message [#225](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/225)
-   Add github template [#226](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/226)

> -   Fix Shipping method description overflows the price section [#232](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/232)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Fix shipping method description overflows the price section [#232](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/232)
```

> -   Fix Show applied promotion codes case sensitive issue [#224](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/224)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Fix applied promotion codes case sensitive issue [#224](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/224)
```
